GHOST: Previously on Power...
I'd be glad to have you on the team.
It's only temporary until Milan
is ready to move again.
[Gunshot]
You give me the identity of Ghost.
and you and I will never
have to see each other again.
Transfer papers for Ruiz?
No. Felipe Lobos.
Thomas. I will be able to
spread my wings again.
but before that happens. I
need your help opening the cage.
- What did you do?
- The Jamaicans.
- No!
- You didn't do it.
So I hired them myself.
MAN: Who's the target?
HOLLY: James St. Patrick.
[gunshot]
James. go. We got this.
[Yells]
What happened?
It was Holly.
Lobos hired me to kill you.
said he'd do her...
Her and me if I didn't.
but I still didn't do it.
We got to kill Lobos... together.
Together.
JOE: ♪ They say this
is a big. rich town ♪
♪ I just come from the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights. city life ♪
♪ I gotta make it. this
is where it goes down ♪
♪ I just happen to come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal.
baby. I gotta make it ♪
50 CENT: ♪ I never took
a straight path nowhere ♪
♪ Life's full of twists and
turns. bumps and bruises ♪
♪ I live. I learn ♪
♪ I'm from that city full of
yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪
♪ It's hard to get a start in
these parts without paper ♪
♪ Homey. I grew up in
hell. a block away from heaven ♪
♪ That corner every 15
minutes. they moving seven ♪
♪ Pure snow. bag
it. then watch it go ♪
♪ Occupational options. get
some blow or some hos ♪
♪ Shoot the ball or the
strap. learn to rap or to jack ♪
♪ Fuck it. man. in the meantime ♪
♪ Go head and pump a pack ♪
♪ This my regal. royal
flow. my James Bond bounce ♪
♪ That 007. that's 62 on my count ♪
♪ I'm an undercover
liar. I lie under the covers ♪
♪ Look a bitch in the eyes and
tell her. baby. I love ya ♪
♪ You're my inspiration.
you're my motivation ♪
♪ You're the reason that I'm
moving with no hesitation ♪
JOE: ♪ They say this
is a big. rich town ♪
♪ Yeah. I just come from
the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights. city life ♪
♪ I gotta make it. this
is where it goes down ♪
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
♪ Legal or illegal.
baby. I gotta make it ♪
♪ ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[man singing indistinctly]
Tommy. you slept out here. man?
[Coughs]
I'm all right.
Grab the keys. brother.
Come on. buddy. I got you.
Get the keys.
Tommy. you just had
them downstairs. man.
I know that I got them somewhere.
Check your pant pocket.
Come on. Let's get you cleaned up.
I'll put a pot of coffee on.
We got work to do.
Come on. buddy.
We should be transporting
Lobos in an armored tank.
The Jimenez have
shown they're not afraid
to strike on U.S. territory.
so what's to stop them now?
Jerry. the Jimenez think Lobos is dead.
Hardly anyone outside of
this room knows he's alive.
A large transport will
only call attention to itself.
So what's the other option?
We stay off the main roads.
keep the move as quiet and
inconspicuous as possible.
Is there a civilian
vehicle we could use?
A civilian vehicle?
Yeah. the Bureau of Prisons
has an undercover van modified
for prisoner transport.
The rear conceals the
prisoner and our personnel.
Lobos exits our facility confidentially.
He wears a GPS
tracker the entire operation.
So we would know where
he is at all times?
Yeah. we can track him from this office.
How's that sit with you. Donovan?
If we're doing this low-key.
I need men I know I
can trust on the ground.
No offense.
Agent Knox. get the fellows ready.
I want you to run point.
Yes. sir. I'll handle it.
Then it's settled.
Let's get started.
I handled the
coordination with Anglin's people
at the BOP and the FBI.
Everyone will monitor the transfer
from our conference room.
In a way. I can't believe it.
The task force is almost over.
We transfer Lobos to D.C..
and this is all behind us. right?
All behind us.
Hugo's got a crew I'ma hook up with.
and I don't know how many guys.
He's not what you'd call a communicator.
So you link up with
Hugo's crew as planned.
I'll help ambush them. take
over the prison break.
Lobos won't know what hit him.
Yeah. well. we got to
be off the grid all day.
I mean. Kate'll lie for me
in exchange for enough coke.
What you gonna do about an alibi?
I hear you're living with Angela now.
Karen. I could use Karen.
You already got a side
bitch on your side bitch?
No. Tommy. Karen's an investor.
She's got a property up on the Hudson.
If I stay there overnight.
then I can just tell Angela
I was away on a business trip.
Perfect.
Nothing suspicious about
Lobos going missing
on the exact day you
happen to be out of town.
Tommy. you listening?
Angela will believe me.
You're so fucking sure about that.
[Pounding on door]
One second.
What's up. Tasha? You good?
TASHA: What's up? I'm good.
And where the hell is Holly?
I've been texting your girl all morning.
What the...
Hey. T.
I thought you two weren't talking.
We worked some shit out.
Mm-hmm.
Overnight.
Yeah.
What the hell is going on?
Thing is. we got to
do something real big. T.
Yo. yo. yo. Tommy. we
don't need to involve her.
You got a better idea?
We need her. Ghost.
Need me for what?
Hey. Dean.
How's Tariq?
Tariq's fine.
Three men were killed
right in front of you.
He didn't see any of it.
Look. I appreciate what you did.
I really do. but I gave
you explicit instructions
not to follow me.
Well. I had a hunch. and it paid off.
You and your son are
alive because of it.
And I appreciate it. once again.
Whoever tried to kill you won't stop
because we thwarted one attempt.
Now. you know who it was.
and you know why they tried to hurt you.
If it happens again.
I won't have a choice.
I'll have to go to the authorities.
It won't happen again.
So you plan to handle it on your own?
Listen. Dean.
My plan is to not
share my plan with you.
Do not follow me again. Clear?
Sir. sorry to interrupt.
Uh. Karen Bassett's here to see you.
It's all good. We're done here.
Hello. James.
Hey. Karen.
Thanks for coming in.
Pleasure. What did
you want to talk about?
Um. I just wanted to ask you
if you were willing to move
our special meeting tomorrow
to. uh. the Odette on the Hudson.
Okay.
I just thought maybe I
could spend the night.
learn the Bassett experience
from the inside out. you know?
Understand your system and
the way it works and...
I don't know. while I finalize my ideas.
You're taking this seriously.
I have to.
I'm always looking towards the future.
Aren't you?
No phones. We're
fucked if we got phones.
You know they can track that
shit even if it's off.
Okay. we ditch the phones for the day.
I'm surprised that you
could be disconnected
from the club for that long.
Uh. Tommy. can you please use this
before you slice your hand open?
You know what?
Why don't I use this before
I slice my hand?
That shit works.
Mm.
Get out of here.
So Kate's gonna be his alibi?
Why not Holly?
Holly's a bad idea. Tash.
TASHA: What happened? They break up?
She told him about the baby.
He fucked it up. right?
That's why he called you.
He didn't say much. He
didn't want to talk about it.
She's definitely not gonna keep it now.
I feel bad. I told her to tell him.
No wonder she's not texting me back.
GHOST: Look. Tash. can
he crash here tonight?
If he leaves. I'm
afraid we're gonna find him
toasting to the sunrise at
O'Malley's. you know this.
All right? Thank you.
I got to go. Running late.
Angela expecting you?
Part of the plan. Tasha.
All part of the plan. Good night. T.
Good night. Tommy.
Good night. Ghost.
Hey. Tash. got any more food?
Usual shit. Ghost!
Leaving me with the mess.
TOMMY: Tasha.
Hey.
Going somewhere?
Remember that pitch
meeting I had with Karen Bassett?
Well. she invited me to spend
tomorrow night at her hotel
so I could learn the lay of the land.
Spend the night for a pitch meeting?
[laughs]
You should come.
I would love to.
But not tomorrow.
I've got a big day at work.
and that is all I can say.
Okay.
Well. I'll say this.
When the deal
happens with Karen Bassett...
And it will...
You and I. Miss Thing.
we're gonna be jet-setting all
over this big wide world.
London. Paris.
even Tokyo.
You know what?
Hmm.
I'll let you be my general counsel.
That's a completely
different kind of law. Jamie.
[laughs]
But you gonna learn.
- Am I?
- Uh-huh.
You're gonna learn that we're gonna be
in the clubs at night.
We're gonna be sleeping during the day.
And in between...
Oh. right.
like we would ever take
a break to sleep.
[Falling by Opia]
OPIA: ♪ Classic twist ♪
♪ I think I'm falling for you ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Think I'm falling for you ♪
Were they expensive?
Very.
Good.
♪ ♪
OPIA: ♪ Why am I
falling for this tender touch? ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Why am I falling for
this toxic love? ♪
Hello.
OPIA: ♪ Why am I
falling for this tender touch? ♪
♪ I'm still falling for you ♪
♪ I've already told you ♪
♪ Can't just wish away those days ♪
♪ You say were such
a problem for you ♪
♪ Every word I told
you lost in cliché ♪
♪ And fragile phrases got
me falling for you ♪
♪ Why am I falling for
this toxic love? ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Why am I falling for
this tender touch? ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Why am I falling for
this toxic love? ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Why am I falling for
this tender touch? ♪
♪ I'm still falling for
you. I'm still falling for you ♪
♪ I know bad blood played it ♪
♪ But I'd laugh. I'd try ♪
♪ To pray like I am falling ♪
♪ Why am I falling for
this toxic love? ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Why am I falling... ♪
You're gonna break the table.
Yeah. I'm gonna break something.
Ain't gon' be the God damn table.
[laughs]
Mr. St. Patrick. welcome.
- Welcome. sir.
- All right.
- Thank you.
- There you go.
This place is beautiful.
Yeah. it is. All right.
Remember we need to act like husband
and wife now. all right?
Typical Ghost.
Your black ass had to go and
put a damper on it. huh?
[Speaking Spanish] _
_
How the fuck am I supposed to
work with these two morons
if they don't speak English?
I talk English.
School of Americas.
So you brought me two
thugs that torture farmers.
Tell me. Hugo. what's the plan?
Tommy. the transport will be
most vulnerable...
here at the bend in the road.
[Clattering]
What the fuck's he doing?
The GPS.
'Cause that explains it.
Let's just get this over with.
Heads up. boys. Here we go.
- Nice to see you again.
- I know you.
- Where's his tracker?
- Left ankle.
I wanted white. but they
said it wasn't available.
Hey. it was.
You probably checked online. right?
Here you go. Watch your head.
Confirm we have Lobos on the move.
Copy that. Agent Knox.
Keep this channel open.
[Knock at door]
[Iaidback R&B music playing]
[Shower running]
♪ ♪
[Knock at door]
Coming!
You must be Mrs. St. Patrick.
Oh. and you must be Miss Bassett.
Oh. call me Tasha.
James has said so much about you.
Call me Karen. I just wanted to come by
and make sure that
everything was in order.
Oh. it's fantastic.
You pulled out all the stops.
It's nice to. um. have a
night away from the kids.
James is in the shower.
Do you want him to call when he's out?
No. No. I'll talk to him in the morning.
Please. with our compliments.
Thank you.
Come on in.
Hmm.
Coming.
Go.
Oh. how lucky am I. huh?
No. luck had nothing to do with it.
- No?
- Nope.
I requested this here seat.
Easy.
Will you massage my calves?
I just don't get it. Is
it really that easy?
- What?
One primera flips. and you
fall down like a domino?
Damn.
I pity you.
I really pity you.
Really? I pity you.
They'll be putting you
away for a very. very long time
and your old friend
Ruiz. James St. Patrick.
Never heard of him.
I'm so bored.
Me too.
[Dramatic music]
♪ ♪
We got a situation here!
GREG: Code delta! Code delta!
Knox. What's going on?
[Tires screeching]
Here's where I get off. [laughs]
Back up. Back up! Back up!
- We need more men in there.
- GREG: We need support now!
ANGLIN: I need assistance on route one.
Prisoner escape in progress.
♪ ♪
[machine gun firing]
Got your six!
[Gunfire]
Fuck! Shots fired! We need support now!
Cover the front!
[Multiple people talking]
Do you copy?
Officer down! Officer down!
Where's the fucking back-up?
♪ ♪
Fuck.
Going front!
[gunfire]
We need some help!
What the fuck do we do?
We're lawyers. Angela. What can we do?
ANGLIN: Agent Knox. air
assistance is en route.
Do you copy?
I need eyes on Agent Knox.
It's Sandoval. Do you copy?
MIKE: Greg. do you copy?
I'm back.
Qué pasa. Jefe?
[Speaking Spanish] _
TOMMY: You got any
other trackers on you?
LOBOS: No.
TOMMY: Let's do it! Vámonos. Jefe!
RAUL: Okay. let's move. Move. move!
TOMMY: Vámonos!
MIKE: Do you copy? Knox?
Let's go.
What do you want to do about him?
Fuck him. He knew the risks.
I love this
black-on-black.
You look like a ninja.
MIKE: Let's get to work. people.
Let's get any info we can.
[Multiple people talking]
Tomás. hey? Bravo.
You executed the plan perfectly.
[Speaking Spanish] _
Yo. yo. yo. This motherfucker.
Yo. we got to speak English.
We a team here.
English. huh?
Where are you going?
Chill. B. We just got to
ditch the eye in the sky.
This is not the plan.
I call Hugo.
That's odd.
So's this.
Did you really think that I didn't know
that you was just gonna drop
me when this was all over?
GHOST: Hola. Jefe.
Seriously. bitch. ain't you got a job?
Hmm.
"Love you. Angie."
Yes. hello. I need a
shoeshine for my husband.
He's sleeping.
I'd like it back in about 20 minutes.
before he wakes up.
Okay. great.
Damn it. Ghost.
Out.
How'd you seduce him away from me?
The dog always goes
back to the master. eh?
Unless you cut the dog's fucking throat.
Ah!
GHOST: Tommy! Tommy!
Tommy. come on. man.
You should've seen
what his fucking goon did to Bell.
He's still got to fucking walk. huh?
Let's get him up. Come on.
You think you're gonna fucking kill me
and live to talk about it?
I'm gonna erase your fucking bloodline.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Make you extinct!
[Knock at door]
Hey.
You all right?
Fine.
Just worried about
Greg. like we all are.
I'm surprised you're
this worked up. Valdes.
You guys had some serious beef.
That doesn't mean I wanted
this to happen to him.
I just wish I could
tell him I was sorry.
[Gentle music]
What the hell is that?
- MAN: Greg's okay!
- What?
Thank God you were wearing a vest.
- Take it easy. huh?
- It's fine.
Oh. thank God.
Let's take a walk. Come on.
Take it easy. Come on.
LOBOS: He's gonna betray you. you know.
There's still time.
TOMMY: Shut your fucking mouth.
LOBOS: And this plan. walking
me through this muck.
you're leaving evidence everywhere.
One of you's gonna get
caught. don't you think?
Not gonna betray you?
He's done it once before.
He's betrayed both of us.
I know why you want out. Fantasma.
but now you have to make a choice.
Tommy. do you think he's
gonna choose you?
Well. he ain't choosing you.
♪ Love is a wonderful thing ♪
And she's lovely.
Fantasma. like an angel.
Well. her name is Angela.
She's beautiful. independent. brave.
And I heard she's
got a tight little pussy.
What about her?
Come on. Ghost. We ain't there yet.
Huh?
Mm. what do you think?
I organized my escape.
I know every detail of
the government's plan
to move me.
Yeah. we know you got a
fucking rat on the inside.
Mm-hmm. and when my "rat" on the inside
realizes that I haven't
made it to my destination.
he's gonna get Angela's beautiful
brown eyes. you know?
He's gonna come out. and
he's gonna scoop them out
and fuck it.
- Call it off.
- TOMMY: No. are you serious?
Mm-mm. No. no. no.
Not until I'm free; until then.
the clock goes
"tick-tock. tick-tock. tick-tock."
He's gonna fucking kill Angela. man.
Which you should've done
yourself before now.
Fuck you.
We gone too far.
We gonna waste this motherfucker
and bury him so deep. no
one'll ever find him.
Hey. Tommy. why so brash?
You think I'm foolish
enough to trust you blindly?
Hugo's with your beautiful
little delicate white flower
right now.
Holly?
You talking about Holly?
Mm-hmm. Oh. and
she's... She's gonna suffer.
March.
And then they were.
um... They were ready for it.
They knew every detail about
the transfer... everything.
MIKE: What are you basing that on?
This feels like a smash and grab.
No.
I don't need a doctor. No. no. no.
I had a vest on. Everything's fine.
You took two to the chest.
and you refuse to go to the hospital.
He's gonna look you
over. That's an order.
I'm gonna need you to
unbutton your shirt.
- What?
- Unbutton your shirt. please.
Fuck.
After I got
popped. they went straight...
Deep breath. please.
Deep breath again.
After I got popped.
they went straight for
Lobos's GPS tracker.
rolled up with fucking bolt cutters.
ready for it. which means we've
got a big fucking leak.
GPS trackers are
standard operating procedure
with high-value prisoners.
They were likely prepared
for it just in case.
Right. Mike. they... but they
knew exactly what van to hit.
what route... stop. man...
- Okay. okay.
- What time.
Which means this was
a fucking inside job.
- You're very
lucky. - Mm-hmm.
I'm gonna need an MRI.
They were right in
front of my eyes. man.
- Right in front of me.
- Okay.
We need to lock down this office...
MIKE: We're in the middle
of a clusterfuck as it is.
The last thing our department needs
is a wild. unformulated
accusation about a leak.
Main Justice would
shit-can every last one of us.
You were just in a firefight.
Your adrenaline's pumping. Mike's right.
Right now. we need to be rational
until we know more.
First order of business: find Lobos.
[Phones buzzing]
They found the getaway
car and a second body.
I'll be right back.
I'm glad you're okay.
We were all worried that
you were. uh. gone.
Good to have you back. Greg.
[Phone buzzing]
Okay.
Fuck.
Is this for me?
Yeah. it's all for you.
I don't like these accommodations.
- Really?
- No.
I never had any complaints before.
Turn around. Jefe.
Sorry you don't get to
paint your watercolors.
No acuarelas para ti. Jefe.
Mm.
Fantasma.
Killing me doesn't save you.
One day. you will find
yourself standing right here.
God doesn't take men like us peacefully
while we sleep.
TOMMY: And this is where your life ends.
Nighty-night. Jefe.
- [Phone buzzing]
- What the fuck?
Is that a phone? Ghost.
we said no phones!
I don't have a fucking
phone. We'll check his coat.
Yeah. I checked him for trackers.
Well. fucking check him
again. Come on. Tommy.
[Phone line trilling]
[Lobos laughing]
Fuck. Smash it.
- Fuck!
- Smash it!
Who was it? Who was it?
How am I supposed to know?
He destroyed it. eh?
Whoever has the number could
be fucking triangulating
the cell tower now. man.
- And they could trace us here?
- Mm-hmm.
Well. that fucks the
plan. Come on. We got to abort.
No. no. no. no. No. no.
We go forward.
What is the point of being here
if they're sending a search party?
I could've done him back on the highway.
No. We take him somewhere
else. and we Bin Laden his ass.
We toss him in the
ocean so he's gone forever.
You fucking said it.
You said. "We can't
put a fucking fugitive
in the back seat of a fucking Ford
driving like we going to picnic!"
Come on. man.
we put a fucking
bullet in his brain. Think!
I am thinking. and that
phone fucks us good.
God damn it!
[Dramatic music]
Fuck.
♪ ♪
Hey. Jack. it's Mike Sandoval.
I need to call
in a trap-and-trace
to a cell's last known tower number.
TOMMY: You think he
made it to the highway?
GHOST: How would he
know which way to go?
All right. just slip back in
the neighborhood. partner.
If we gonna find this
bastard. we got to split up.
Yeah. you're right.
I'm gonna take this trail over here.
You keep going down the path.
[Tense music]
♪ ♪
[grunts]
Ghost!
Ghost. where the fuck are you?
Don't do it.
I'm not surprised.
I would do the same.
We leave a body. there's
gonna be a shitstorm.
I need to end this now. Tommy.
Okay. I guess we're
not negotiating this.
You want to bury him?
Carry his body back? No.
We'll let the vultures have at him.
Let's get out of here. brother.
What are you gonna do
about your nosey security guard. Dean?
I need to get rid of him.
I mean. I don't
want to kill him. but I...
Why not?
Well. I might still
need the motherfucker.
We're finally free. Tommy.
We're finally fucking free. man.
Me and you. man. we got
our whole lives back.
Yeah.
You get to start over.
Start over?
With what. Ghost?
Nigga. I ain't got no connect.
I ain't got no family. I ain't got no...
Hey. man. you'll
meet a new girl. you know?
Better yet. another
lucky girl will meet you.
Can't replace Holly.
Come on.
Man. we made a lot of money.
You can do anything you want to do.
It's only one part of our
lives that's over. Tommy.
We got our whole life ahead of us.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
And about Holly. man.
I'm sorry.
Sure.
[Music playing]
[Exhales]
Have a good run?
Yes.
And that's what I told the doorman.
Mm.
Well. I've been here.
holding down my end of the bargain.
Good.
This bitch is hooked on you.
She been texting all damn day.
Damn. Tash. sounds just like me.
Yeah. well I remember how
you used to talk to me.
I should probably call her.
We don't usually go this
long without talking.
Mm-hmm. okay.
Well. before you do. I
just heard from Mama.
Tariq tried to sneak out the house.
When she caught him.
he talked back to her.
You want to know why?
Because I'm not there.
Because I ain't there.
Lobos may be dead. but
your shit is slipping.
and it's taking me out at the knees.
Tasha. he's just adjusting
to the new situation. okay?
That's all. The kid'll be fine.
[Phone buzzing]
God. I miss you.
I miss you too.
Everything okay? How was work?
It was a rough day.
What about you?
This property is beautiful. baby.
- You should see it.
- TASHA: Hmm.
Could be a big endeavor. riskiest
thing I've ever done.
ANGELA: When do you get home?
GHOST: Tomorrow. hopefully
with good news.
so cross your fingers.
Jamie. I love you.
I love you too. Angie.
Have a good night. all right. baby?
Really. Tasha?
Is it always that easy to
lie to someone you love?
Jesus. I'm doing what
needs to be done. okay?
It's part of the plan.
It's always like that with you.
- What?
- Necessity.
What needs to be done.
Which is why I can't understand this.
Our prenup says that I
get half if you want out.
You ready to lose half?
'Cause I'll take it all.
That money's for the kids too.
I would never back out
on that. You know that.
But what if you're in prison?
You think killing Lobos
is gonna make your dirt disappear?
You think if she finds out you did this.
she's gonna cover for you?
I think she's not gonna find out.
The only way she finds
out is if you tell her. Tasha.
and you're not gonna
tell her; you know why?
Because you're an accomplice.
I already signed them.
because I am so done with your ass.
Tasha. this is what it looks like. uh.
moving forward for us. all right?
No more threats.
Nobody coming after me. you. the kids.
No more guns in the house or guards.
I'm fucking keeping the family safe.
That's what I'm doing. and some day.
you're gonna appreciate it.
Oh. I appreciate it.
Uh-uh. Don't even try it.
And I want my own car for
the trip home tomorrow.
Good night.
Mm-hmm.
[Siren wailing in the distance]
Hey. hey. hey.
I brought you your ring.
Look at that.
Hello. You're expected.
- James.
- Karen.
- Tasha. hello.
- TASHA: Hi. how are you?
This is my father.
It's an honor. Mr. Bassett.
I have a tremendous amount
of respect for your empire.
No. call me Horatio.
From what I hear. you're
well on your way
to building your own.
We try. Speaking of "we."
this is my lovely wife. Tasha.
Hi. how are you?
It's a pleasure to meet you. sir.
Tasha. are you joining us for brunch?
I'm so flattered. but no.
I... I need to get home
and be with the kids.
But the hotel was wonderful.
Thank you. really.
Have a good meeting. Good luck. James.
- Give me a second.
- Mm-hmm.
All right. but get home safe. okay?
Good-bye. Ghost.
Someone in this office gave us up.
- Or someone in the BOP.
- Nope.
Or Lobos himself.
I mean. you know how common
burner phones are inside.
[Clears throat] Fuck.
Please. please tell me
this isn't about Valdes.
Who else would it be?
[Chuckles]
We were. um. all pretty shaken up
when we thought you bought it.
Oh. Jesus. thanks.
That's sweet. Saxe.
Uh. shut up.
Like I said. we were all spooked.
but Valdes was practically crying
like a... human woman.
For effect.
Mm. looked pretty real to me.
You guys back in the sack?
No.
Well. then. now that you're wounded.
I'm thinking you might be
able to get back in there.
Like a Purple
Heart. but you know. pussy.
[Knocks]
- Ah.
- Hey.
Dean. thanks for coming in.
Pleasure.
Look. I called you down to let you know
that I no longer need your services.
In my experience.
when you save the life of a man
and that of his
son. they keep you close.
What's different about this situation?
I don't have to explain myself to you.
first of all.
You finally killed Lobos.
What'd you say?
What language is that?
Wait. how do you know the code?
You have many questions.
And tell me. which is right
question to begin with?
Who the fuck do you think you are?
Wrong. Who are you. and do I know?
[With Serbian accent] Yes.
I do. Jamie St. Patrick.
Look. Ghost.
I know who you are.
Club owner. father.
adulterer. drug dealer.
thief.
Did you get my message?
Do you know what you have taken from me?
You're Serbian.
and this has to do with
Vladimir and his crew.
And the shipment that
you and Tommy intercepted
and left for the police.
my drugs.
Sit.
Milan.
Nice to meet you.
And all this time.
you were working for me.
You were so concerned with Lobos
that you neglected me.
It's very selfish.
You took from me what was mine.
You owe me. Ghost.
You got close to me.
You hired your fucking
men to protect me.
but you're not gonna kill me.
'Cause you have value. you and Tommy.
and I need you to go to work for me
to replace what you have stolen.
Why now. Milan. huh?
I got nothing left.
I got no network. I got no supplies.
I'm out of the fucking game.
I know how you think.
You will stall and deal
with me like you did Lobos.
but first remember my security team
is in your clubs.
We know your home.
your family. Angela.
You can kill me. but
it is of no consequence.
'cause I am not Lobos.
and my organization
does not die with me.
Call Tommy and tell him it's
time to go back to work.
Do not worry.
You are very safe.
For now.
I did hear you say Milan. right?
The motherfucker who eats people?
For sure?
Yo. he's been working for
you this whole time?
Fuck. Ghost. where's your head at?
It was seamless. man.
He didn't miss a fucking beat.
And we just took
out one sicko yesterday.
I'm not emotionally prepared to
work for another psychopath.
Okay. brother. look. I hear you.
That's why we fucking need to kill him.
- Kill him?
- Yeah. kill him.
You want to kill Milan?
You know anything about him or his crew?
No. How about his
turf. his organization?
No. Fuck.
I mean. he's been
working for you for this long?
I bet you don't even know
what kind of car he drives.
Tommy. we are lucky to be alive. man.
We're sitting here fucking
talking. and the only reason
we're not dead is because he needs us.
No. you are lucky.
I'm not the
motherfucker that killed Vladimir.
Fuck Vladimir.
He don't give a fuck about Vladimir.
He told me himself. Listen to me. man.
He's talking about his
shipment. all right?
That motherfucker said we're going back
to work for him to pay him back.
You want to get back to hustling?
I have to.
How exactly are you
planning on pulling it off
living with a fed?
You're gonna have to wake up with her
every morning...
and lie to her.
lie to her all God damn
day. lie to her every night.
It's never gonna fucking work.
So you're saying I can't pull it off?
No. she took you back
because she thought that you was clean.
As soon as she finds out that
you got back in the game.
she gonna turn you in.
No. she won't.
No. but that's not even
your big fucking problem.
Your big fucking problem
is that she's your soft spot.
She's your weakness.
They can go on after her to get to you.
Dean knows everything about me.
Milan.
He knows everything about me.
which means he can
get to my family. Tommy.
He can make Tasha and the
kids fucking target practice.
Yeah. well. Tasha got
a head on a swivel.
She a motherfucking G. She
got your kids on lock.
Now. but Angela. she's a liability.
You can't even tell her that
the Serbians are after her.
Now. I think that we
should've killed that bitch
a long time ago.
but we didn't. so here we are.
She either catches
you. puts you in jail.
or she don't
but Milan catches her.
Yeah.
But if you take her out.
you could make sure that
she don't suffer.
'Cause if Milan gets a hold of her...
I can't believe I'm saying this.
But if everything that Vladimir
told me about Milan
is true. my God.
Even I don't think Angela deserves that.
I'll handle it.
I'll be here when you get back.
Finally. you're home.
Hey. baby.
How was your day?
Okay.
You don't seem okay.
and I'm certainly not okay.
Tell me about that... you
know. that part of the future
where we fly around the world.
That'll make us feel better.
Jamie. what's wrong?
Our future together flying
around the world.
it's not gonna happen. baby.
Something went wrong with Karen?
Something's wrong.
Been wrong.
I was just too out of it to see.
You know. Angie. yesterday
Tariq ran away.
He's back now. but I wasn't there.
At some point. my kids have
to be what's most important.
As they should be.
Jamie. I've never asked you to choose
between your kids and me.
What are you saying?
You know what I'm saying.
You separated from
Tasha. I saw the papers.
And now I know that was a mistake.
A mistake?
You love me. I know you do.
You told me so.
And... and I meant it. you know?
When I said it. I meant it.
I wanted to love you. I wanted to dream.
Why are you doing this?
But that was our
15-year-old dream.
Maybe we've outgrown that dream.
Now. you love me.
this me standing
here right now asking you?
Not the version of me you
put together in your head
20 years ago but this me.
You love this me?
Yes. I love you. You know that.
Tariq running away means
that all of a sudden.
our feelings for each other aren't real?
This doesn't make sense.
Tariq running away made me realize
what I have to lose. okay.
in the real world. not
in a fantasy world.
Angela. do you really
trust your 15-year-old self
to make decisions for
the rest of your life?
I trust the way I feel about you.
the way I've always felt about you.
Everything I've done for you.
I've done for us. and
I would do it again.
Angie. if we were meant to be together.
you think it would be this hard?
I came into the club. didn't I?
Wasn't that meant to be?
It's the right decision. okay?
Obviously. you don't see that now.
but I know one day you will.
Take care of yourself.
There's something you're not telling me.
What do you want me to tell you?
The truth.
Tell me the truth.
We can't be together. Angie.
It's the right decision.
Jamie. I love you.
I know.
Good-bye. Angie Valdes.
[Angie sobbing]
[gentle guitar music]
♪ ♪
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm